Use EKS-like status (#877)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: docs/deployment/eks.md

```bash
$ kubectl get services -n kong
NAME         TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP                           PORT(S)                      AGE
kong-proxy   LoadBalancer   10.63.250.199   example.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com   80:31929/TCP,443:31408/TCP   57d
```

> Create an environment variable to hold the IP address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an environment variable to hold the ELB hostname:
```
